Cybersecurity

IM Policy

Awareness

Advisories and Alerts

Data Governance

eNewsletter

ICT Incident Management

CyberSecurity 

Note:

Information and data shared in this site may be class ified or sensitive. These   publications and documents are intended for NYP Staff only. Please do NOT download and

others. 

 Awareness

FY23 WOG Simulated Phishing Email Scenarios

The below shows the emails that were used  in the FY23 WOG Simulated Phishing Email Scenaios. The tell-tale signs are highlighted with red outline. 

Remember: Always think and verify before you click. Report  if in doubt! 

Scenario 1 - Unusual sign-in activity

Scenario 2 - Free vouchers

Scenario 3 - Mailbox Full

How to spot a phishing email   ?

Phishing is a cybercrime in which a target or targets are contacted by email, telephone or text message by someone posing as a legitimate institution to lure individual

sensitve data such as personally identifiable information, banking and credit card details, and passwords. The information is then used to access important accounts an

identity theft and financial loss.

Common Features of Phishing Emails

1. Too Good To Be True - Lucrative offers and eye-catching or attention-grabbing statements are designed to attract people’s attention immediately. For instance, 
you have won an iPhone, a lottery, or some other lavish prize. Just don't click on any suspicious emails. Remember that if it seems to good to be true, it probably
2. Sense of Urgency - A favorite tactic amongst cybercriminals is to ask you to act fast because the super deals are only for a limited time. Some of them will even 
have only a few minutes to respond. When you come across these kinds of emails, it's best to just ignore them. Sometimes, they will tell you that your account w
unless you update your personal details immediately. Most reliable organizations give ample time before they terminate an account and they never ask patrons t
personal details over the Internet. When in doubt, visit the source directly rather than clicking a link in an email.

3. Hyperlinks - A link may not be all it appears to be. Hovering over a link shows you the actual URL where you will be directed upon clicking on it. It could be com

or it could be a popular website with a misspelling, for instance www.bankofarnerica.com - the 'm' is actually an 'r' and an 'n', so look carefully.

4. Attachments - If you see an attachment in an email you weren't expecting or that doesn't make sense, don't open it! They often contain payloads like ransomwa

viruses. The only file type that is always safe to click on is a .txt file.

5. Unusual Sender - Whether it looks like it's from someone you don't know or someone you do know, if anything seems out of the ordinary, unexpected, out of c

suspicious in general don't click on it! 

The example below was an email that was being used in the recent WOG Simulated Phishing Exercise. The email was crafted to look like a genuine request to check for

activity' and sent using a masqueraded authority source - Microsoft Cloud 365 Security. 

The tell-tale signs are highlighted in red.

 It can be really difficult to spot a phishing email as technologies and techniques of malicious actors improve. Below are more red flags that you should look out for . 

Remember: Always think and verify before you click. Report  if in doubt! 

Cyber Security Training 

Click image below to access w      ww.learn.gov.sg to complete BDLCD1: Cyber Security, BDLCD2: Data Protection, BDLCD3: Incident Management modules. You are strongl

watch BDLCD4: Cyber Tips on How to Spot Phishing (2 mins)

and BDLCD5: Cyber Tips on Strong Passwords and Enabling 2FA (1 min), for useful cyber hygiene tips.

Tips: You may wish to refresh your knowledge on cyber security and data protection, click here for the 3 e-learning modules that will bring you up to speed before atte

Using Data Securely 2019 
Cyber and Data Security Awareness Briefing 2019

    
 
 
Cyber and Data Security Awareness Briefing 2020
Cyber and Data Security Awareness Briefing 2021 
Information Protection & Security Awareness 2021
Advisory on Using Commercial Messaging Platforms for Work Collaboration and Coordination 2021  

Advisories and Alerts

GITSIR's Security Announcements for Last and Prevailing Months
NRIC Advisory Guidelines for Public Sector Agencies 

How to Go Safe Online

https://www.csa.gov.sg/gosafeonline
  https://facebook.com/gosafeonline
https://twitter.com/gosafeonline 

Note:

Information and data shared in this site may be class ified or sensitive. These   publications and documents are intended for NYP Staff only. Please do NOT download and

others. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Restricted and Non-Sensitive
The site is currently undergoing review

Data Management Committee (DMC) 

    Roles and Responsibilities

Roles  

  Members

 Responsibilities

 Data Management
Committee
(nyp-dmc@nyp.edu.sg 
)

  CIO, CISO , CDO, CNC
Directorate
(+ Data Owner)

1) Provides a platform for data harmonisation or resolution, and

supports data governance efforts with focus on compliance, data

quality and data classification, to ensure proper translation,

contextualisation and implementation of strategies, initiatives and

policies decided at the IDSC.

2) The process could be initiated by CDO, CIO or any Data Owner, as

and when the need arises.  A discussion among relevant

parties should be conducted with the objective  to reach mutual

consent based on generic principles such as adherence to SG-DRM

standard and to minimize duplication.

3) The resolution chosen should take into considerations such

as impact, in terms of cost, effort and long-term sustainability issues.   

 
Governance Structure - NYP Level 

Restricted and Non-Sensitive
The site is currently undergoing review

  The structure depicts the involvement of the entire NYP team in our data governance effort, from PCEO to individual staff who handles data.

At the top, PCEO chairs the ICT and Digitalisation Steering Committee (IDSC) which provides the platform to deliberate strategic issues and direction for NYP to achieve its key

mission.

The IDSC, with guidance and support from the ministry family and Whole-of-Government (WOG), work closely with relevant appointment holders, CIO, CISO, CDO and CNC

Directorate, to ensure compliance, improve data quality, consistent classification and to encourage usage to enhance service delivery and operational efficiency; through the

work of various data projec teams which will be built up gradually into our Data Community.

On governance, our focus is on leadership and accountability where the senior leadership team takes responsibility in providing the direction and driving NYP towards a data-

driven organisation.  Supported by a clearly defined structure, and their corresponding roles and responsibilities, the team can work together towards achieving our strategic

intent.  

Two committes, shown in the data governance structure figure above, are established to ensure proper translation, contextualisation and implementation of strategies,

initiatives and policies decided at the IDSC. 

The Data Management Committee (DMC)  will focus on compliance, data quality and classification issues, while

the Data Application Committee (DAC) will look after the exploitation and usage aspects of our data. 

Information Classification & Handling Policy 

Restricted and Non-Sensitive
The site is currently undergoing review

    1   .0

Purpose 

1.1

To define the information classification and handling policy for information assets.

2.0

Scope

2.1

For NYP staff who are involved in the handling of information assets.

3.0

Officer-in-charge

3.1

CNC is responsible for the maintenance and updating of this policy.

4.0

Information Classification and Handling Policy

4.1 Information Asset Classification and Control

4.1.1 Information assets should be appropriately classified and managed to prevent unauthorised access,
modification and destruc tion. The Singapore Government Security Instruction for the Handling
and Custody of Classified Information should be referred to.

4.1.1.1

All information assets should be identified. If assets are not identified and documented,
they may not be given adequate protection.

4.1.1.2

The security classification of the information asset should be documented. This is to make
clear the level of protection required for that information asset. In addition, it should also
include the sensitivity categorisation which considers the impact of unauthorised disclosure
of entity data, which comprises data on individuals and business.

4.1.1.3

Information assets shall be security graded solely on its content and security implications

according to the following classifications:

- Official (Open)

- Official (Closed)

- Restricted

- Confidential

- Secret

- Top Secret

4.1.1.4

Information assets shall be categorised according to the following Sensitivity:

- Sensitive High (causes serious physical, financial, or sustained emotional injury or social

stigma to the individual; causes sustained financial loss to business)

- Sensitive Normal (causes temporary and minor emotional distress or disturbance to the

individual; causes a reduction in competitiveness or a compromise of business interests)

- Non-Sensitive (does not cause physical, financial, or emotional injury to the individual; OR

in personal information that is socially expected to be openly available; Does not impact a

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
business' processes or operations; OR is Business information that is socially accepted as

openly available)

4.1.1.5

Please click 

here to refer to the Guide to Right-Classification of Systems

 4.1.2  Any information asset bearing a security classification such as Restricted, Confidential, Secret, or Top

Secret is a classified information asset.

 4.1.3  Information assets in NYP as endorsed by NYP IT and Digitalisation Steering Committee is mainly non-

national security information in which case if it is classified, the security classification should either be
- Restricted or
- Confidential 

 4.1.4 Ple ase click 

here to refer to the Security Classification and Sensitivity Categorisation for NYP

Application Systems.

 4.1.5   Information assets are classified in NYP as follows:

Info Type

Informa tion  Assets

Student & Course-
related  

BOG Papers

Course Proposals (*1)

Agreements

MOUs/Partnership Agreements Approval
Papers (*2)

Security, Sensitivity
Classification

Restricted, Sensitive Normal

Restricted, Sensitive Normal

Restricted, Sensitive Normal

Financial

Payroll Data

Restricted, Sensitive Normal

Personnel &
Company-related

Staff Salary

Restricted, Sensitive Normal

For Information Assets not listed in this table, they are "Official(Open) / Official(Closed)" by default.

(*1) Before the course is launched
(*2) MOUs/Partnership Agreements Approval Papers are generally Official (Closed).
However,selected papers may be classified as Restricted, if the partner requests for it

4.2 Information Labelling and Handling

  4.2.1 Classified information should be handled with care and should not be left unattended. Classified

information in softcopy should be kept on NYP-issued external electronic storage media that must be
FIPS 140-2 Level 3 encrypted or equivalent standard with authentication and minimally AES-256 bit
encryption enabled, and the storage media must be kept securely in the office.

To minimise the risk of sensitive data being compromised on user devices, staff shall ensure that
sensitive data can only be accessed through NYP’s or central Whole of Government secure platforms,
where practicable.

Where practical, staff shall utilise the approved central document collaboration platforms such as NYP
Share Point or Singapore Government Document Collaboration Service (SG-DCS) for accessing,
sharing and editing of documents containing data

Where practical, staff shall utilise the approved data platforms of the GDA such as Analytics.Gov and
Vault to access, share and analyse data.

4.2.2 When information is printed, it should keep its security classification so that users can identify what

document handling procedures need to be followed.

 
 
 
 
- All classified material should be stamped or labelled accordingly.

-

Hardcopy output from user applications should show the security classification of the information
being printed. This will ensure that the printed output will be given appropriate protection
according to its security classification.

- Hardcopy classified information should be kept under lock and key and not be left unattended.

4.2.3 No person shall be given knowledge or possession of any classified information unless there is a need

for him/her to know or possess such information. Hence, discussion on classified information should
not be carried out in the presence of staff/vendors who are not supposed to know.

4.2.4 Staff are not allowed to host, store or process classified information or materials in non-government

facility including but not limited to public cloud, online services and messaging platform such as
DROPBOX and Google Drive

4.2.5 If public cloud or online services for unclassified information is to be subscribed, staff shall assess the

risks of using these online services and storage facilities and ensure that no classified information is
stored in these online services.

Document No.: ICTS-03, Version:  17, Effective Date: 1 Aug 2023
Updated By / Date: Nicole Yong / 21 Jul 2023
Approved By / Date: IDSC Policy Work Group (IPWG) / 1 Aug 2023

 
 
 
 
 
Data Governance 

                                           Introduction  

Restricted and Non-Sensitive
The site is currently undergoing review

 Why do we need Data Governance?
Data has become so vital to the success of almost all organisations that many are implementing a Data Governance programme. Data is mostly used

for  improving  operational  efficiency,  enhancing  customer  experience,  boosting  valuation  of  the  organisation  or  even  be  monetised.  When  done

properly, it provides the means to manage the overall collection, use and disposal of data (i.e. data asset).  Organisations are getting serious about

managing their data, such as improving data quality, understanding the meaning of the data, leveraging their data for competitive advantage, and

treating data as the enterprise asset. The formal recognition of the need to have a structure, organisation, and resources in place to manage data and

the actual implementation of that need has come to be known as Data Governance.

For a pragmatic definition, Data Governance refers to the oversight of Quality, Compliance, and Security of data used in an enterprise. A sound data

governance programme will include the following:

1. A governing body - the NYP ICT & Data Steering Committee (IDSC  ) 
2. A set of principles - our strategic intent and thrusts
3. A set of policies and procedures - the NYP Data Management Policy 
4. A plan to execute the programme with appropriate metrics - our strategic initiatives 

The NYP Data Management Framework is developed to highlight the core functions and the operational emphases across the 5 phases of data life-
cycle: from Data Acquisition, Data Fusion, Data Access & Distribution, Data Exploitation to Data Destruction.  The 4 horizontal enablers provide the
support needed to carry out the work needed to realise the NYP Data Strategy.

  Com  pliance
A very important aspect of governance must be on compliance.  Various aspects within the IM for ICT&SS have to be coordinated between the CIO-
CDO-CISO nexus, which forms the core of the Data Management Committee (DMC) .  The NYP Data Management Policy will provide the necessary
guidance and standard for the DMC to implement data related work at NYP.

    Data Security

A Guide to Agencies for IM8 Policy on Data Management - "Requirements to Protect Personal Data" v1.0   and  another one on "

Data Cla 

ssification " was published on the 23rd April and 8th October 2020 respectively, to provide a general reference during our implementation processes. 
In addition, the DMC has been working to upholding of the security of data that is entrusted in NYP.  This includes operations for:

Data Collec t ion   
Data Cl assification   
Data Sharing
Data Storage

 
NYP Policies, Standards & Guidelines on Data 

Restricted and Non-Sensitive
The site is currently undergoing review

1.   Data exploitation is a key pillar of “digital-to-the-core" in the Public Sector Transformation efforts. Central to NYP's
data strategy is the exploitation of data to inform on policies and programmes, and improve operations and service
delivery.

2. Data exploitation, however, goes hand in hand with securing data. Citizens expect an efficient government to

improve service delivery with data, and at the same time expect that their privacy will be protected. Ensuring that
citizen data is properly managed and kept secure fosters their trust and confidence in our exploitation of data.

3. This set of NYP data management policies and guidelines govern how NYP collects, stores, uses, shares and

disposes data. They are adapted from IM8 and contextualised to equip officers in NYP's Corporate
Departments/Schools with the knowledge and processes to manage and use data securely.      

Restricted

2019

Sharing on:
Guide to Right Classification

OLD RCST Framework: does not define UNCLASSIFIED;
data was over-classified to RESTRICTED or CONFIDENTIAL

Restricted

CLASSIFIED

TOP SECRET
Exceptionally grave damage  
to national security

SECRET
Serious damage to national  
interests/ security

CONFIDENTIAL
Serious damage to an  
agency; some damage to  
national interests

RESTRICTED
Some damage to an agency

UNCLASSIFIED
Residual of information that  
is not classified as RCST

Official Information:
”All info that public officers acquire (except that which
is already openly or publicly available), generate or
cause to be generated in the course of their duties”

Classified Information:
”Official information that has been assigned a security
classification, based on the potential damage or
negative consequence of unauthorised disclosure”

Source: From ISD Green Book

Right Classification Guide: Part I – Security Classification
Refer to the classification of official information and systems based on the RCST Framework set out in 
the Green Book.

Restricted

T

S

C

R

OFFICIAL  

INFORMATION

To facilitate right-classification of Govt systems under the RCST
Framework, two new markers have been introduced to further
differentiate official information that are Unclassified:

CLASSIFIED

1. Official (Closed) 

The unauthorised disclosure of information in this category will 
have negligible or no impact to the agency functions, national 
interests or national security. However, such information is not 
disclosed to the public in the normal course of duty.

2. Official (Open)

Similar to Official Closed, except information is disclosed to 
the public domain. An example is information found on 
Data.gov.sg (open data).

Official  
(Closed)

Official  
(Open)

UNCLASSIFIED

Right Classification Guide: Part I – Security Classification
Information Asset / Data Classification (for all IHLs)

Restricted

T

S

C

R

CLASSIFIED

OFFICIAL  

INFORMATION

Official  
(Closed)

Official  
(Open)

UNCLASSIFIED

In all IHLs (5 Polytechnics and ITE), there are only 3 levels 
of classification under RCST framework, namely:
• R 
• O(C)
• O(O)

: Restricted
: Official (Closed)
: Official (Open)

Right Classification Guide: Part I – Security Classification
To determine the system’s security classification, we need to answer the questions below.

Restricted

Question 1
Will any unauthorised disclosure of information in this system likely cause –
Some disadvantages in negotiations affecting national interests; or
Some disruption to national security; or
Some disruption to services essential for public safety or maintenance of public 
order; or
Some disruption to the financial or economic system in Singapore?

•
•
•

•

 Yes
System is Confidential
Examples: Criminal Record Office System, Diplomatic Bag System, Trade Database System

 No
Please proceed to Question 2.

Right Classification Guide: Part I – Security Classification
To determine the system’s security classification, we need to answer the questions below.

Restricted

Question 2
Will any unauthorised disclosure of information in this system likely cause a disruption to your 
agency’s critical process resulting in its inability to discharge its functions?

 Yes
System is Confidential
Examples:
Police Coast Gurad AEGIS System
CUSTOMS Business Risk Profiling System
Integrated Criminal Case Filing and Management System
Customs Intelligence and Investigation System

 No
Please proceed to Question 3.

Right Classification Guide: Part I – Security Classification
To determine the system’s security classification, we need to answer the questions below.

Restricted

Question 3
Will any unauthorised disclosure of information in this system likely cause a disruption to your 
agency’s process resulting in a hindrance to discharge its functions?

 Yes
System is Restricted
Examples:
Port Traffic Management System
Integrated Stamp Duty System
HR Systems

 No
Please proceed to Question 4.

Right Classification Guide: Part I – Security Classification
To determine the system’s security classification, we need to answer the questions below.

Restricted

Question 4
Do members of the public have to access to the information in this system?

 Yes
Please proceed to Question 5.

 No, this system is completely inward-facing.
System is Official (Closed)
Examples:
Office Administrative Systems/Staff Directory
Staff Suggestion System
Central Stationery Management System
Room Booking System

Right Classification Guide: Part I – Security Classification
To determine the system’s security classification, we need to answer the questions below.

Restricted

Question 5
What access do members of the public have to the information in this system?
(For example, a portal that the public can use to search for information)

 Full
System is Official (Open)
Examples:
Archival Systems such as Parliamentary Reports
PMO-PO Corporate Website

 Partial
System is Official (Closed)
Examples:
Online Feedback Platforms
Portals for Application of Services, etc.
Facility Booking Systems (e.g. for Sports, etc.)

Decision Tree for Security Classification

Restricted

Right Classification Guide: Part II – Sensitivity Categorisation
The Information Sensitivity Framework (ISF) considers the impact of unauthorised 
disclosure of entity data, which comprises data on individuals and business.

Restricted

SENSITIVITY 
Categorisation

Sensitive High
Serious damage to an 
individual or business 
(e.g. incriminating 
information), if leaked.

INDIVIDUAL

BUSINESS

Causes serious physical, financial, 
or sustained emotional injury or 
social stigma to the individual
E.g.: Loss of life or physical harm; 
loss of employability, reputation 
and insurability; case information 
that reveals the identity of 
victims of sexual assault etc., 
criminal or investigative records, 
etc.

Causes sustained financial loss
E.g.: Inability to conduct normal 
business operations, significant 
and irreversible loss of 
competitive advantage, major 
damage to reputation.

Right Classification Guide: Part II – Sensitivity Categorisation
The Information Sensitivity Framework (ISF) considers the impact of unauthorised 
disclosure of entity data, which comprises data on individuals and business.

Restricted

SENSITIVITY 
Categorisation

Sensitive Normal
Some damage to 
individual or business, if 
leaked.

INDIVIDUAL

BUSINESS

Causes temporary and minor 
emotional distress or 
disturbance to the individual
E.g.: Locational information, 
photographic images, etc.

Causes a reduction in 
competitiveness or a 
compromise of business 
interests
E.g.: Loss of potential business 
opportunities, some damage to 
reputation.

Right Classification Guide: Part II – Sensitivity Categorisation
The Information Sensitivity Framework (ISF) considers the impact of unauthorised 
disclosure of entity data, which comprises data on individuals and business.

Restricted

SENSITIVITY 
Categorisation

Non-Sensitive 
Negligible or no damage 
to an individual or 
business, if divulged.

INDIVIDUAL

BUSINESS

Does not cause physical, 
financial, or emotional injury to 
the individual; OR in personal 
information that is socially 
expected to be openly available.

Does not impact a business’ 
processes or operations; OR is
Business information that is 
socially accepted as openly 
available.

Decision Tree for Information Sensitivity Classification

Restricted

Sensitive High

Sensitive High

Sensitive Normal

Non Sensitive

Data Architecture 

     Introduction

Restricted and Non-Sensitive
The site is currently undergoing review

Data Architecture can be considered as a key enabler in the NYP Data Management Framework, making it possible for NYP to do more for its key stakeholders, with improved

outcomes.

An essential consideration in developing data architecture of an organisation must be on how it can be used to effectively and efficiently represent the core business processes,

where data is collected, created, processed, used, distributed, stored and disposed.  

The importance of data architecture resembles that of building architecture which shows the layout of building boundaries, the water piping, electrical power supply, the

lighting and the HVAC systems.  It provides critical information on the what, where, who, when and how of data in an organisation.

A reasonable approach its alignment with NYP's Vision and Mission.

Alignment with NYP Vision and Mission

   Enterprise Report Data 

As part of its operations, NYP communicates its progress by tracking and reporting specific data at various channels and platforms.  Such data need to be clearly and

consistently defined to facilitate a common vocabulary in meetings and discussions.  

Model Structure

There are many different definitions of data architecture with each description based on one's understanding and interpretation. The most succinct and all-encompassing
version is given by The Open Group Architecture Framework (TOGAF) which says that data architecture is 'composed of models, policies, rules or standards that govern which
data is collected, and how it is stored, arranged, integrated, and put to use in data systems and in organizations.' 

With the amount of data generated online increasing by the day as a result of technological advances in internet connectivity, electronic storage and computing power, business
leaders with wisdom and foresight will do well to ensure that their critical asset, data, is managed in a structured and organised manner, according to the definition of data
architecture. In the simplest terms, the primary benefit of data architecture is this: it provides a systematic and well-defined way of managing organisational data assets.

A 4-level structure was adopted in out hierarchically arranged 'Categorical Model':

1. Subject Area - This is the core data of the organisa on, NYP’s life and blood.
2. Aspect - Perspec ves or views of func onal areas within each subject area whose names bear close resemblance to business processes. It also serves as containers

to group lower level data into an organised structure.
3. Category - This is the actual data object in the data model.
4. Sub-category - This level represents the a ributes of the data object – the raw values that determine the characteris cs of the object

Data models at different levels can be used for different purposes.  Generally, levels 1 and 2 are typically used for strategic and business discussions.  It is possible that business

strategy discussion could make it necessary to identify new data that does not exist, to facilitate new initiatives, or the improvement of existing delivery outcomes and services. 

For such cases, a broad overview of our operational processes and the associated data would be more useful.  

 On the other hand, application development and data infrastructure teams would require details about the data types, formats, size, volume etc to facilitate their technical

implementation work.  For these, data models at levels 3 and 4 would be necessary.

    Conceptual/Logical Model - an overview

 The figure below showed an overall view of the conceptual model, and the hierarchical expansion of the Subject Area of 'Learner'.

Modelling Process

Six Subject Areas were first identified, based on their impact, resource constraints and knowledge of the processes.  Other Subject Areas will be developed along the way.

The modelling process would typically involve the data ownership team, including the management, subject matter experts and data stewards.  A typical process would include: 

1. Data modelling team created a simple data model for the Subject Area, based on available information;
2. Co-development of the data model with the data stewards and subject matter experts.  This is a discovery process where data stewards were encouraged to verbalise the

process details as well as data entities involved.  This would enhance the acceptance level of the eventual model;

3. A fine-tuning process with the data ownership team, followed by their endorsement.  This process would enable the management team to look at the model from the

logical and communication perspective.  This would be useful from harmonisation of vocabulary, roles and responsibility perspective.  

Work has been done on the following data models (of varying levels of details and completeness):

1. HR
2. Learner
3. Course 
4. Estate Management
5. Procurement 
6. Adm inistration

Strategic Initiatives 

Restricted and Non-Sensitive
The site is currently undergoing review

       Strategic Initiatives in NYP's Data Strategy
Recap:
NYP Data Strategy articulated 1 Strategic Intent, 4 Strategic Thrusts and 7 Strategic Initiatives in the following Table and Figure:

1   Strategic Intent

                                                                                Achieving NYP's Key Mission    

4  Strategic Thrusts

 NYP Data Architecture

 Digital Infrastructure

 Build Capabilities and Democratise Use

 Support Public-Privat e Partnerships

7  Strategic Initiatives

- Stock-Take
- Data Architecture  

- Data Governance
- Data Integration

- Data Sharing and Distribution
- Data Capabilities

- Public-Private Partnerships

Stock-Take 

Restricted and Non-Sensitive
The site is currently undergoing review

    Data stock-taking will be an ongoing process because of the large amount of data involved.  Data owners and their teams

will be involved as they have the domain knowledge and the operation experience to prioritise the stock-taking process. 

  The process:

1.     The engagement with data owners started with HR, RGO, EM, SDAR and will continue to expand;

2.     Information gathering templates, in alignment with SG-DRM, are provided to the data owners and their teams;

3.     Discussions will be organised to resolve issues such as classification, completenesss and possible need for

harmonisation, etc;

4.     Finalised lists will be uploaded onto a centralised metadata listing site, which will be

eventually incorporated into our Data Calatlog;

5.     The NYP Data Catalog will be open for staff to view and sample data segments can be provided for users to

test.

Uploading Datasets on Vault 2021

Attachments:

FCM12-2013-Annex-D-Stocktake_template 
NYP Information gathering templates  


NYP Systems Security Classification and Sensitivity Categorisation



No. System Name Info Security Classification Sensitivity Categorisation 
1 ACI Website Official Open Non-Sensitive 
2 Analytics in Education (AIE) Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
3 Alumni Information Management System (AIMS) Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
4 Learning Management System Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
5 CET Revenue System Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
6 Clinical Funding Administration System (CFAS) Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
7 Co-Curricular Activities Points System (CCAPS) Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
8 Customer Relationship Mgmt System Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
9 Declaration for Conflicit of Interest in Academic Matters System Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
10 ECG Case Registry and Administration System (CRAS) Official Closed Sensitive (High) 
11 Edusave Awards Administration System Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
12 Electronic Small Value Purchase System Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
13 EM Service Request Workflow & Reports Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
14 ePayment Gateway Official Closed Sensitive Normal 
15 eSupport System Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
16 External Works/Activities Application System Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
17 Facility Reservation System (FRS) Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
18 Finance Revenue System Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
19 Financial Arrangement Request System (FARS) Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
20 Financial Assistance Administration System (FAAS) Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
21 Financial Assistance Scheme for Overseas Programme (FASOP) System  Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
22 Fitness Assessment Management System (FAMS) Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
23 Gift Declaration Workflow System Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
24 I Appreciate System Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
25 Incident Management System Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
26 Information Portal for Research, Innovation and Enterprise (IRIE) Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
27 Innovative Staff Suggestion System (i3S) Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
28 Integrated Customer Experience Management System  Restricted Sensitive (High) 
29 IT HelpDesk System Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
30 Joint-Polytechnic Admission System - Early Admission Exercise Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
31 Library Management System (LMS) Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
32 Lifelong Learning Information Management System (LLIMS) Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
33 Maintenance Contract Tracking System Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
34 Module Evaluation & Feedback System Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
35 NYP Alumni Portal Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
36 NYP Homepage Official Open Non-Sensitive 
37 Financial Assistance for Notebook Purchases Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
38 Overseas Programme Administration System (OPAS) Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
39 Scholarship Administration & Mgmt System (SAMS) Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
40 SIRS Website Official Open Non-Sensitive 
41 Staff Email System Restricted Sensitive (High) 
42 Staff Portal Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
43 Statement of Absence (SOA) System Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
44 Student Information Management System (SIMS) Official Closed Sensitive (High) 
45 Student Life Event Info System Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
46 Student Portal Official Closed Sensitive (Normal) 
47 Ultimus Workflow System Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
48 Wellness Management System Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
49 WITs Administration System  Official Closed Non-Sensitive 
50 Workflow System for Exams Office  Official Closed Sensitive (High) 

Computer & Network Center (CNC)


Staff Induction

Infra, Info System and Security Services Overview
Contact Me
Email: thomas_chia@nyp.edu.sg
Ext 0270
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomaschiahk

NYP Security Team
Email: nyp-cnc-security@nyp.edu.sg

Helpdesk 6550 0099
About Me
Asst Director, ICT Governance, Cybersecurity & Digital Workplace
ACISO (Agency Chief Information Security Officer)
Hello Colleagues, Welcome Aboard Team NYPName is Thomas / Hong Kit. Don’t call me HK la hor….the word association not very nice
I lead the Cyber Security Team in CNC together with 3 other colleagues. There’s another Thomas in CNC, Thomas Kua so please don’t get mixed up
I just joined NYP in Dec 2021 so im 5 months old. I was previously from DBS
Looking forward to work with you in the coming days hopefully…

Security issues email us or call me
Issues with your GFE issued devices, or accounts please call helpdesk.









     NYP 10G MPLS
          Network 


10Gbps
Video Conference + Teams Telephony
Student

GeBiz
Govt Intranet
Wireless on WiFi6

Broadband


    VPN
Windows 10
2000Mbps
(Virtualisation Infra + GCC) 
Windows 
Applications
NYP’s ICT Infrastructure Overview


4000Mbps 

Staff

(Virtualisation Infra) 

M365 +Exchange
Online 


2 Gigabit link
6 Gigabit link



Internet
Internet
Global Switch
NYP Info System, 
Student e-Services

2000Mbps



Future of Workplace - What your desk will look like soon
Choose your own BYOD, we want to give you a choice to choose with device do you want to use, with this, it also means that we are moving away from passwords, using face and fingerprints for logon, 
Cloud PC – always on machine in the cloud to use, a highly secured space for you to work anywhere
5
Cloud PC
Combine the power and security of the cloud with the versatility and simplicity of the PC. 
Personalize your Cloud PCs
Setup your Cloud PC to use your preferences
Changes made will remain in place between sessions
Take it with you
Use your Cloud PC from any desktop or tablet, anywhere around the world
Accessing your Cloud PC won’t make changes to the host computer



Your data is protected
All your files and programs are secured
Regular backups and patching automatically performed
6
Cloud VPN

Simplified experience, click connect > MFA > done!

Continuous monitoring, we can quickly identify and respond when something is slow

Better security with Continuous verification & Inspection


7
WIFI 6





Garden area, P1, WIFI better and faster (3G to 5G)
Acceptable Use Policy
The responsibility for proper and safe usage of ICT resources such as but not limited to Endpoint Devices, Email, Internet and Network systems in Nanyang Polytechnic (NYP) as well as Whole-of-Government (WOG) environment, requires the cooperation of every officer, as any security breach on the part of individual officer can undermine the security of the entire organisation.

Some important points to note

NYP shall have the right to access and disclose staff data stored on Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) and Email messages of staff. 

NYP shall have the right also to control, monitor and disclose staff use of NYP IT resources. 

Staff shall read through and observe closely the following Policies on Electronic Mail, Endpoint Devices, Internet Access, and access to Government Enterprise Networks (GEN). 

Users shall be accountable for their passwords and not disclose their user accounts and passwords to others. 

Passwords shall be compliant with NYP Password Standard and Guidelines. 

Users shall ensure they keep themselves updated with the latest version of the Acceptable Use Policy of IT Resources.


Please read through the full Acceptable Use Policy here.

Visit NYP ICT Policies for other policies


Cybersecurity Awareness - Phishing
What is Phishing?
Phishing is a cybercrime in which a target or targets are contacted by email, telephone or text message by someone posing as a legitimate institution to lure individuals into providing sensitive data such as personally identifiable information, banking and credit card details, and passwords. The information is then used to access important accounts and can result in identity theft and financial loss.
Common Features of Phishing Emails
Too Good to be True
2.    Sense of urgency
3.    Hyperlinks
4.    Attachments
5.   Unusual Sender

Cybersecurity Awareness - Phishing
Example of a Phishing Email

Cybersecurity Awareness - Phishing
It can be really difficult sometimes to spot a phishing email….
How to stay safe when you receive an unsolicited email?
 
Ask yourself the following
Do you know the sender? 
Did you request for the information?
If you know the sender, call the sender to verify if the email was indeed sent by him.
Why is there an urgency?
What is it asking me to do?
Do not click on URL links in emails or text messages. Hover your mouse over the link to see destination URL, if it is legitimate.
Do not share sensitive and personal information without verification
Never share confidential information such as OTPs or passwords with anyone.
 
REMEMBER: ALWAYS THINK BEFORE YOU CLICK. Report it if you are unsure.


Incident Management

ICT and Security WorkGroup (ISWG)
Staff reports to ISWG immediately.

ISWG works closely with SIROs.

SIROs must have oversights of all incidents discovered by members of the public (MoP), monitoring tools and NYP stakeholders (Staff, Learners, etc...)

SIROs provide status updates to ACISO/ASO.


Incident Management
It is important to stay calm if you encounter a suspected security incident and report the incident to the right people, through the right channels. 

Always remember to:
Stay calm and disconnect your computer from the network.

Gather any evidence you can and report to your RO and inform NYP Security Team https://for.edu.sg/nyp-reportcyber

NYP Security Team will contact you and work closely with you to resolve the issue	 	 

Data Classification

Why do we need perform Data Classification?

Data is at the core of the Digital Transformation of the Public Sector. We must use,
Share and safeguard data entrusted to us. Safeguarding the data that we use and share
is vital to the public’s trust in the Government’s use of data.

REMEMBER: Every office is responsible for the data they use and that is shared with them
Why do we need to classify and mark official information?

Classifying and marking official information is to highlight the presence of classified
Information and to ensure that the classified information is protected with the appropriate
Safeguards.
For more information visit Using Data Securely.pdf (sharepoint.com)

Understanding the Security Levels
Security levels measure the damage done to an agency and/or national security and interests
Understanding the Sensitivity Levels
Sensitivity levels measure the damage done to an entity  (individual and/or business)
Decision Flowchart



DATA-SHARING : SUMMARY SHEET 

Please indicate the total number of datasets held by your Ministry HQ and each of your Statutory Boards/Departments,  
as well as the number of datasets that are currently being shared with the public, and the number of datasets that are currently not being shared. 

Agency  Total No. of Datasets No. of Datasets Shared Externally No. of Datasets Not Shared Externally 














TOTAL 
DATA-SHARING: DETAILS OF DATASETS BY AGENCY 

Please list down all datasets held by the agency and provide the requested details. 
Use a separate spreadsheet for your Ministry HQ and each of your Statutory Board/Department.  


S/N Name of dataset Is dataset being shared externally? [Y/N] Reason if dataset is not shared externally Timeline if there are plans to share the dataset Compliance to data-sharing principles (Y/N)* Rating on 5-Ticks rating scheme** Remarks 
Principle 1 Principle 2 Principle 3 Principle 4 Principle 5 Principle 6 

















* The data-sharing principles are: 
1a) Internal Data-Sharing: Share all data as a default. (Except for those on the negative list) 
1b) External Data-Sharing: Benchmark data-sharing efforts against countries at the forefront of “Open Data" 
2) Make data easily available. All external data shared shall be accessible within 3 clicks or less via data.gov.sg. All free data shall be accessible without the need for additional steps like registration (with the exception of APIs). For data requiring registration, a sample shall be provided prior to registration. 
3) A common terms of use. All data shared free-of-charge shall adopt data.gov.sg's Terms of Use. For chargeable datasets, terms of use should allow for co-creation and clearly stated before payment is collected. 
4) Timely release of data. All data shall be made available as quickly as possible. Information on frequency of update shall be provided in the metadata. 
5) Share data in machine-readable format. Data in HTML, PDF and Word are NOT machine-readable formats. 
6) Share raw data. Data should be shared in as granular a form as possible. Data should also be re-usable for secondary purposes and combined with others to create mash-ups. 

** 5 ticks scheme: 
ü     data is available on data.gov.sg (in any format) 
üü         data available is in machine-readable format 
üüü   data available adopts data.gov.sg's TOUs. 
üüüü  data available is as granular as possible 
üüüüü data is available in the form of linked data 
Data Stock-taking Summary Sheet 

Please indicate the datasets that are regularly used by your department / school.   
Examples of usage: 1. for annual submission to MOE, SSG, PSD etc 
2. for management reporting 
3. for publicity or for public information 

Owner Dataset ID Dataset Name Usage Shared to Frequency 
HR Age-Group and Length-Of-Service Profile 
QPO NYP-KPI-LST-001 NYP_INDICATORS_KPI_DEFINITIONS NYP Management Dashboard NYP annual 
HR NYP-KPI-EES-001 NYP_INDICATORS_KPI_EES NYP Management Dashboard NYP annual 
RGO LEARNER-ADM-INT-002 Nanyang Polytechnic Student Enrolment, Annual Data.gov.sg Public annual 
RGO LEARNER-ADM-PIT-001 Nanyang Polytechnic Planned Intake, Annual Data.gov.sg Public annual 
RGO LEARNER-ADM-INT-001 Nanyang Polytechnic Student Intake, Annual Data.gov.sg Public annual 
RGO Course-PET-DF-001 Full-time Diploma Courses Data.gov.sg Public annual 
CIL3 Course-LLL--All-001 Lifelong Learning Courses for Adult Learners Data.gov.sg Public annual 
RGO LEARNER-ADM-LAS-001 Nanyang Polytechnic GCE 'O' Level Aggregate Cut-Off_Points by Course Data.gov.sg Public annual 
RGO LEARNER-GES-FG-2020 NYP GES 2020 for Graduates Class 2020 MOE Policy Analysis
NYP Management Review GES Contractor 
MOE annual 
RGO LEARNER-GES-PNS-2020 NYP GES 2020 for Post NS Class 2017 MOE Policy Analysis
NYP Management Review GES Contractor 
MOE annual 
RGO LEARNER GES-PG-2020 NYP GES 2020 for Poly Graduates Class 2015 MOE Policy Analysis
NYP Management Review GES Contractor 
MOE annual 
RGO LEARNER-WSPOS-PPT-2020 NYP Work Study Programme Outcome Survey 2020 - Participants SSG Policy Analysis
NYP Management Review WSPOS Contractor
SSG annual 
RGO LEARNER-WSPOS-EMP-2020 NYP Work Study Programme Outcome Survey 2020 - Employers SSG Policy Analysis
NYP Management Review WSPOS Contractor
SSG annual 
HR STAFF-PLAN-PSD-001 Staff Strength and Movement Annual returns for analysis PSD annual 
HR STAFF-PLAN-MOM-001 Labour Market Survey MOM Policy Analysis MOM annual 
  
Owner Dataset ID Dataset Name Date Created Last Updated Description Classification Frequency Coverage Start Coverage End Used By Subject Area 
HR Age-Group and Length-Of-Service Profile To show the distribution of various age groups and length of service Classified – OC_NS Annual 1992-04-01 00:00:00 2019-10-18 00:00:00 Staff 
QPO NYP-KPI-LST-001 NYP_INDICATORS_KPI_DEFINITIONS 2020-11-30 00:00:00 2020-11-30 00:00:00 KPI Definitions. Used in NYP Management Dashboard (NYPMD) Classified – OC_NS Ad-hoc 2019-01-01 00:00:00 2019-12-31 00:00:00 Viridis LIEW (NYP),#viridis_liew@nyp.edu.sg Corporate Governance 
HR NYP-KPI-EES-001 NYP_INDICATORS_KPI_EES 2019-12-31 00:00:00 2019-12-31 00:00:00 Employee Engagement Survey Data for NYPMD Pending Biennial 2017-01-01 00:00:00 2018-12-31 00:00:00 Viridis LIEW (NYP),#viridis_liew@nyp.edu.sg Staff 
RGO LEARNER-ADM-INT-002 Nanyang Polytechnic Student Enrolment, Annual 2019-08-19 00:00:00 2019-08-19 00:00:00 This dataset contains information on the student enrolment for Nanyang Polytechnic by semester Unclassified – OO Annual 2013-01-01 00:00:00 2019-12-31 00:00:00 Li Leng TAY (NYP),#tay_li_leng@nyp.edu.sg Learner 
RGO LEARNER-ADM-PIT-001 Nanyang Polytechnic Planned Intake, Annual 2016-10-10 00:00:00 2019-08-19 00:00:00 This dataset contains information on the Planned Student Intake for Nanyang Polytechnic Unclassified – OO Annual 2016-01-01 00:00:00 2019-12-31 00:00:00 Li Leng TAY (NYP),#tay_li_leng@nyp.edu.sg Learner 
RGO LEARNER-ADM-INT-001 Nanyang Polytechnic Student Intake, Annual 2016-12-12 00:00:00 2019-08-19 00:00:00 This dataset contains information on the student intake and enrolment for Nanyang Polytechnic by semester Unclassified – OO Annual 2013-01-01 00:00:00 2019-12-31 00:00:00 Li Leng TAY (NYP),#tay_li_leng@nyp.edu.sg Learner 
RGO Course-PET-DF-001 Full-time Diploma Courses 2016-04-27 00:00:00 2019-08-19 00:00:00 List of full-time diploma courses that is offered by Nanyang Polytechnic. It includes the academic year that the course is being offered, course title and course code. Unclassified – OO Annual 2016-01-01 00:00:00 2019-12-31 00:00:00 Li Leng TAY (NYP),#tay_li_leng@nyp.edu.sg Course 
CIL3 Course-LLL--All-001 Lifelong Learning Courses for Adult Learners 2016-07-08 00:00:00 2019-08-21 00:00:00 List of lifelong learning courses for adult learners Unclassified – OO Annual 2019-01-01 00:00:00 2019-12-21 00:00:00 Allyce LEE (NYP),#allyce_lee@nyp.edu.sg Course 
RGO LEARNER-ADM-LAS-001 Nanyang Polytechnic GCE 'O' Level Aggregate Cut-Off_Points by Course 2016-12-08 00:00:00 2019-08-19 00:00:00 GCE 'O' Level Aggregate Cut-Off-Points (ELR2B2 points) is the net aggregate (after deducting CCA bonus points) of the lowest ranked students who were admitted to NYP through the Join Admission Exercise (JAE). Unclassified – OO Annual 2014-01-01 00:00:00 2019-12-31 00:00:00 Li Leng TAY (NYP),#tay_li_leng@nyp.edu.sg Learner 
RGO LEARNER-GES-FG-2020 NYP GES 2020 for Graduates Class 2020 2021-04-07 00:00:00 Identifiable Individualised data for 2020 Poly GES Fresh Graduates (Core and Poly-specific questions) Sensitive Normal - Restricted Annual 2020-04-01 00:00:00 2020-09-30 00:00:00 Eryn_YEE (NYP),#eryn_yee@nyp.edu.sg Learner Name, Hashed NRIC, Gender, Race, Year of Birth, School, Diploma, Grad Year, Citizenship, Nationality, Entry Qualification, Mailing Address, Email Address, Home Tel / HP, Admin No., Tutorial Group, Personal Mentor

NRIC, Polytechnic, Course of Study, Gender (male/female), NMC Cluster, Citizenship, Race, Responses to all questions (individual polytechnic will provide the respondent's NRIC and their polytechnic's specific questions) 
RGO LEARNER-GES-PNS-2020 NYP GES 2020 for Post NS Class 2017 2021-04-07 00:00:00 Identifiable Individualised data for 2020 Poly GES Post NS (Core and Poly-specific questions) Sensitive Normal - Restricted Annual 2020-04-01 00:00:00 2020-09-30 00:00:00 Eryn_YEE (NYP),#eryn_yee@nyp.edu.sg Learner Name, Hashed NRIC, Gender, Race, Year of Birth, School, Diploma, Grad Year, Citizenship, Nationality, Entry Qualification, Mailing Address, Email Address, Home Tel / HP, Admin No., Tutorial Group, Personal Mentor

NRIC, Polytechnic, Course of Study, Gender (male/female), NMC Cluster, Citizenship, Race, Responses to all questions (individual polytechnic will provide the respondent's NRIC and their polytechnic's specific questions) 
RGO LEARNER GES-PG-2020 NYP GES 2020 for Poly Graduates Class 2015 2021-05-06 00:00:00 Identifiable Individualised data for 2020 Poly Tracer Survey (core and poly-specific questions) Sensitive Normal - Restricted Annual 2020-04-01 00:00:00 2020-09-30 00:00:00 Eryn_YEE (NYP),#eryn_yee@nyp.edu.sg Learner Name, Hashed NRIC, Gender, Race, Year of Birth, School, Diploma, Grad Year, Citizenship, Nationality, Entry Qualification, Mailing Address, Email Address, Home Tel / HP, Admin No., Tutorial Group, Personal Mentor

NRIC, Polytechnic, Course of Study, Gender (male/female), NMC Cluster, Citizenship, Race, Responses to all questions (individual polytechnic will provide the respondent's NRIC and their polytechnic's specific questions) 
RGO LEARNER-WSPOS-PPT-2020 NYP Work Study Programme Outcome Survey 2020 - Participants 2020-10-01 00:00:00 WSP Graduates 2019-05-01 to 2020-04-30
 Sensitive Normal - Restricted Annual 2019-05-01 00:00:00 2020-04-30 00:00:00 Eryn_YEE (NYP),#eryn_yee@nyp.edu.sg Learner WSP Institution, School, CET Cluster, WSP Sector, WSP; Name, Hashed NRIC, Gender, Race, Year of Birth, Citizenship, Institution of Study Prior to WSP, Mailing Address, Email Address, Home Tel / HP, Name of Employer, Employer UEN, Employer Address, Employer Contact Person, Contact Number and Email, No. of Years that Employer is in WSP  
RGO LEARNER-WSPOS-EMP-2020 NYP Work Study Programme Outcome Survey 2020 - Employers 2020-10-01 00:00:00 Employers Sponsoring WSP Graduates within period 2019-05-01 to 2020-04-30 Sensitive Normal - Restricted Annual 2019-05-01 00:00:00 2020-04-30 00:00:00 Eryn_YEE (NYP),#eryn_yee@nyp.edu.sg Industry WSP Institution, School, CET Cluster, WSP Sector, WSP; Name, Hashed NRIC, Gender, Race, Year of Birth, Citizenship, Institution of Study Prior to WSP, Mailing Address, Email Address, Home Tel / HP, Name of Employer, Employer UEN, Employer Address, Employer Contact Person, Contact Number and Email, No. of Years that Employer is in WSP  
Data Source Dataset Column Name Business Term Description Security Classification Sensitivity Classification Format Validation Frequency Subject Area Usage Guidelines Item Type Path 
RGO SIMS MODULE_DESC CourseModuleDescription Description of a module​ Official Open Non-sensitive Half yearly Course Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO SIMS MODULE_TIMETABLE_SCHOOL_CODE CourseSchoolTimeTable School in which the module is offered​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(3) Half yearly Course Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO SIMS SEMESTER CourseSemester Semester in which the module is offered and taken. Official Closed Non-sensitive x(2) ​Semester 1: S1
Semester 2: S2
Year 1: Y1
Year 2: Y2 Half yearly Course Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO SIMS COURSE_SHORT_NAME CourseShortName ​Short name of a course.  Official Open Non-sensitive Ad Hoc Course Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO STUDENT_STUDY_PGMS ACAD_YR LearnerAcadYear Academic year in which the module is offered and taken. Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(4) Annual Learner Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO SIMS_STUDENTS APPLN_TYPE LearnerApplicationType Type of admission exercies of learner​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(4) 'DAE': Direct Admission Exercise;
'EAE': Early Admission Exercise;
'EAE-I': Early Admission Exercise for ITE graduates;
'JAE': Joint Admission Exercise;
'JPAE': Joint Poly Admission Exercise;​
'APPE': Appeal Annual Learner Use as aggregated data for statistical reporting​ Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO SIMS_STUDENTS BIRTHYR LearnerBirthYear Year of birth of learner.​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(4) Annual Learner ​Use as aggregated data for statistical reporting Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO SIMS_STUDENTS CITIZEN_CLUSTER LearnerCitizenCode Citizenship of learner​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal X(3) 'SC': Singapore Citizen;
'SPR': Singapore Permanent Resident;
'IS': Internation Student.​ Annual Learner Use as aggregated data for statistical reporting​ Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO SIMS_STUDENTS COURSE_CODE LearnerCourseCode The course that the learner studies at NYP​ Official Open Non-sensitive X(6) Structure - SSCCNN:
(i) SS are the school code (SBM/SCL/SDN/SEG/SHSS/SIDM/SIT);
(ii) CC are the course type (DP/NP/NF/A/B/S/EP/V);
(iii) NN is a two-digit assigned number​ Annual Learner ​Use as aggregated data for statistical reporting Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO SIMS_STUDENTS ENTRYQUAL_CLUSTER LearnerEntryQualification Type of entry qualification of learner​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal 'GCOL': GCE O Level;
'ITE': ITE;
'OTHERS': others​ Annual Learner Use as aggregated data for statistical reporting​ Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO SIMS_STUDENTS FAMILY_INCOME_RANGE LearnerFamilyIncomeRange Range of family income of learner​ Restricted Sensitive High ​'0599 or less'; '600-799'; '800-999';
'1000-1499'; '1500-1999'; '2000-2499'; '2500-2999';
'3000-3999'; '4000-4999'; '5000-5999'; '6000-6999';
'7000 or more'  Annual Learner Use as aggregated data for statistical reporting​ Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO SIMS_STUDENTS SEX LearnerGenderCode Gender of learner​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(1) 'M': Male;
'F': Female Annual Learner ​Use as aggregated data for statistical reporting Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO SIMS_STUDENTS HOUSING_TYPE LearnerHousingType Type of housing of learner​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal ​'HDB 2/3/4/5-ROOM/EXECUTIVE FLAT';
'RENTED PLACE';
'CONDOMINIUM / PRIVATE APARTMENT';
'LANDED' Annual Learner Use as aggregated data for statistical reporting​ Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO SIMS_STUDENTS ADM_NO LearnerIDNo The admission number is for unique identification of a learner in NYP.​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(7) Structure - YYNNNNC:
(i) YY are the last two-digit of the year of admission;
(ii) NNNN is a four-​digit assigned number;
(iii) C is the check digit Annual Learner ​Use as aggregated data for statistical reporting Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO STUDENT_STUDY_PGMS MODULE_CODE LearnerModuleCode Code of module taken Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(6) ​Structure - SSMNNN or SSNNNN:
(i) SS are the school code;
(ii) MNNN
     For GSM modules: M = 'X' or 'S';
     For Diploma Plus modules: M = 'A';
     NNNN = assigned number;
(iii) NNNN = assigned number of all other module types. Half yearly Learner Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
RGO SIMS_STUDENTS RACE_DESC LearnerRaceCode Race of learner​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(2) Annual Learner Use as aggregated data for statistical reporting​ Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF DATE_OF_BIRTH StaffBirthDate The date of birth of a staff
 Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff The MMDD could be represented by "0000" or 4 spaces if only the birth year is known.  ICA for SC/PR data; MOM for foreigners data. Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF CITIZENSHIP_CONV_DATE StaffCitizenshipCertIssueDate Citizenship Conversion Date​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF ADD_INFO StaffAdditionalInfo Additional information of the staff​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(1000) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF BUILDING_NAME StaffAddressBuildingName Building name​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(50) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF COUNTRY StaffAddressCountryCode Country code​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(4) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '001' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '001' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF FLOOR_UNIT_NO StaffAddressFloorUnitNo Floor and unit number​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(15) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF BLK_HSE_NO StaffAddressHseNo Block number or house number.​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(15) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF POSTAL_CODE StaffAddressPostalCode Postal code​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(6) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF STREET_NAME StaffAddressStreetName Street name​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(120) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_APPT_HISTORY A_NA StaffANa A tag to identify the staff is an academic or non-academic staff:
'A': Academic staff;
'​NA': Non-academic staff Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(2) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_APPT_HISTORY APPOINTMENT_TERM StaffAppointmentTerm Appointment Term​.
On contract or establishment Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(1) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF CONTRACT_EXPIRY StaffContractExpiry ​Contract Expiry Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF CONTRACT_LENGTH StaffContractLength All previous contract length; e.g. 2yr3yr1yr​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(50) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF PLACE_OF_BIRTH StaffCountryBirthCode ​The country of birth of a person Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(2) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '001' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '001' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_APPT_HISTORY DATE_JOINED StaffDateJoined Date staff joined NYP. Use to facilitate in calculation of service days.​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_APPT_HISTORY DEPT_ESTAB StaffDeptEstab ​Estab Department, where the headcount of staff is registered. Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(12) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_APPT_HISTORY DESIGNATION StaffDesignation Designation with concurrent appointment, if applicable.
System default designation from HRIS_DESIGNATION table.  User can update.​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(300) Ad Hoc Staff ​​The list of 6 data elements below are considered "Official Open" when used in the context of providing NYP Contact Information:
1. StaffPreferredName (PREFERRED_NAME);
2. StaffSalutation (SALUTATION);
3. StaffDesignation (DESIGNATION);
4. StaffReportingDept (REPORTING_DEPT);
5. StaffOfficeNo (OFFICE_NO);
6. StaffOfficeEmail (INTERNET_ADDR).  Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF PERSONAL_EMAIL StaffEmailAddress Last known email address.
(Personal Email Address)​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal Refer to Email Address element type in Annex A Ad Hoc Staff Nil Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_JOB_HISTORY END_DATE StaffEndDate EndDate of Employment in ​YYYY/MM Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(7) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF EPASS_CATEGORY StaffEPassCategory Employment pass category ​- P1, P2, Q1, Q2 Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(2) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF EPASS_EXPIRY_DATE StaffEPassExpiryDate ​Expiry date of employment pass Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF EPASS_ISSUE_DATE StaffEPassIssueDate Issue date of employment pass​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF EPASS_NO StaffEPassNo Employment pass number​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(10) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF EPASS_TYPE StaffEPassType Type - work permit or employment pass​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(2) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_APPT_HISTORY ESTAB_GROUP StaffEstabGroup Estab Grouping.  eg. D/M OFF etc. Used in printing staff strength report.  ​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(10) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF FATHER_NAME StaffFatherName Name of father of staff​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(60) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF FATHER_NATIONALITY StaffFatherNationality Nationality of father of staff​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(2) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '002' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '002' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF FIRST_NAME StaffFirstName First Name of staff.
Used for mail merge, e.g. formal letters​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(60) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF SEX StaffGenderCode ​The gender of a person:
'M': Male
'F': Female
(Sex) Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(1) Ad Hoc Staff Nil Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_SERVICE_GRADE DIVISION StaffGradeDivision ​A code to denote staff joining NYP as division I, II, III or IV officer.
1: Division I;
2: Division II;
3: Division III;
4: Division IV;
5: Superscale Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(1) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_QUALIFICATIONS HIGHEST_QUAL StaffHighestQual Highest Qualification (latest).  Indicator if this qualification is the highest for the adjunct teaching staff.
'Y': Yes
null.
If need to find highest qualification as at a certain year, use year of award and ranking (from HRIS_CODES) to find the highest qualification. Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(1) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF STAFF_ID StaffID For new staff, CNC will create a record in NEW_STAFF table with EMP_NO and STAFF_ID.
When HR upload staff records, the upload program will get STAFF_ID from NEW_STAFF table to update the new staff record. 
Program will then delete the record from NEW_STAFF table.​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(10) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF EMP_NO StaffIDNo The ID Number is either UIN or FIN.
For the Unique Identification Number (UIN), it is assigned to Singapore Citizens (SC), Permanent Residents (PR) and children born in Singapore.
For the Foreign Identification Number (FIN), it is assigned to foreigners who apply to ICA for a long-term pass or MOM for a work pass.
(Employee Number is either NRIC No. or FIN for foreigner).​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(9) Structure: ANNNNNNNC. (i) A is the century prefix - UIN: 'S' for 1900-1999 & 'T' for 2000 - 2099; FIN: 'F' for 1900 - 1999; 'G' for 2000 - 2099; (ii) NNNNNNN is a 7-digit assigned number; (iii) C is the check digit. Ad Hoc Staff To be mapped to ODIN number as NRIC is sensitive Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF INDUCTION_DATE StaffInductionDate Date of staff induction​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF DATE_JOIN_WORKFORCE StaffJoinWorkforceDate Date first joined workforce​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF LANG_SPOKEN StaffLangSpoken Language spoken​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(60) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF LANG_WRITTEN StaffLangWritten Language written Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(60) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF LAST_NAME StaffLastName Last, or family, name of staff​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(40) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF MARITAL_STATUS StaffMaritalStatusCode A person's conjugal status in relation to marriage laws in Singapore.​ Restricted Sensitive Normal n(1) Refer to Marital Status Code in Annex C Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF DATE_OF_MARRIAGE StaffMarriageDate Latest marriage date of a person​ Restricted Sensitive Normal n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF MED_DATE StaffMedClearanceDate Medical Clearance Date​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF MED_CLEARANCE StaffMedClearanceStatus Indicator to denote Medical Clearance Status​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(10) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF MEDICAL_SCHEME StaffMedicalSchemeCode Medical Scheme of staff.
Valid codes are:
a. "CPW"
b. "CCS"
c. "MSO" Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(3) Ad Hoc Staff Check Constraint Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF MOTHER_NAME StaffMotherName Name of mother of staff​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(60) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF MOTHER_NATIONALITY StaffMotherNationality ​Nationality of mother of staff Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(2) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '002' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '002' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF MOVEMENT_TAG StaffMovementTag Indicator to denote if staff is employed under Movement Policy.​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(1) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF NATIONALITY StaffNationalityCode The citizenship of a staff
 Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(2) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '002' Ad Hoc Staff (HR) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '002' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF NS_CONDUCT StaffNSConduct Conduct in NS​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(6) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '041' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '041' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF NS_DISRUPTION_PERIOD StaffNSDisruptionPeriod ​NS disruption period Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(4) YYMM Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF NS_DISRUPTION_PERIOD StaffNSDisruptionYears Disruption from Nation Service (in years)​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(4) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF NS_DATE_ENLIST StaffNSEnlistDate Date of Enlistment for National Service​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF NS_PERF_RATING StaffNSPerfRating Performance rating in NS​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(6) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '041' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '041' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF NS_RANK StaffNSRank Rank in National Service​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(10) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '025' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '025' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF NS_DATE_RELEASE StaffNSReleaseDate Date of Release from National Service​ Official Closed Non-sensitive n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF NS_STATUS StaffNSStatus National Service Status
- full time / part time / exempted​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(2) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '027' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '027' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF NS_UNIT StaffNSUnit Unit in National Service​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(60) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF NS_TOTAL_YRS StaffNSYearsServed Total Years of National Service served in YYMM format where:​
YY: no. of years;
MM: no. of months
For old case where staff served 3 months in army and the rest in EDB, then NS_YEARS_SERVED would be 0003 and NS_TOTAL_YRS would be 0203. Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(4) YYMM Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF ODIN_NO StaffOdinNo Number used to uniquely identify the staff in ODIN.
It will be a running sequence and will follow the staff even staff had converted from FIN to NRIC.​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(30) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR STAFF INTERNET_ADDR StaffOfficeEmail Office email address
 Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(50) Ad Hoc Staff ​​The list of 6 data elements below are considered "Official Open" when used in the context of providing NYP Contact Information:
1. StaffPreferredName (PREFERRED_NAME);
2. StaffSalutation (SALUTATION);
3. StaffDesignation (DESIGNATION);
4. StaffReportingDept (REPORTING_DEPT);
5. StaffOfficeNo (OFFICE_NO);
6. StaffOfficeEmail (INTERNET_ADDR).  Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF OFFICE_NO StaffOfficeNo Office telephone number​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(30) Ad Hoc Staff ​​The list of 6 data elements below are considered "Official Open" when used in the context of providing NYP Contact Information:
1. StaffPreferredName (PREFERRED_NAME);
2. StaffSalutation (SALUTATION);
3. StaffDesignation (DESIGNATION);
4. StaffReportingDept (REPORTING_DEPT);
5. StaffOfficeNo (OFFICE_NO);
6. StaffOfficeEmail (INTERNET_ADDR).  Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF OVERSEAS_ADDR StaffOverseasAddr Overseas address of staff​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(120) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF OVERSEAS_CTRY StaffOverseasCountryCode Country code of the overseas address of staff​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(4) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '001' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '001' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF OVERSEAS_FAX StaffOverseasFaxNo Overseas fax number of staff​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(30) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF OVERSEAS_HP StaffOverseasHPNo Overseas handphone number of staff​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(30) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF OVERSEAS_POSTAL StaffOverseasPostalCode Postal code of the overseas address of staff​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(6) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF OVERSEAS_STATE StaffOverseasState State in the overseas address of staff Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(50) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF StaffPhoto Photo of staff​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(1) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF PREFERRED_NAME StaffPreferredName Preferred Name of staff.
Commonly used, e.g. email, staff directory, etc​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(40) Ad Hoc Staff ​The list of 6 data elements below are considered "Official Open" when used in the context of providing NYP Contact Information:
1. StaffPreferredName (PREFERRED_NAME);
2. StaffSalutation (SALUTATION);
3. StaffDesignation (DESIGNATION);
4. StaffReportingDept (REPORTING_DEPT);
5. StaffOfficeNo (OFFICE_NO);
6. StaffOfficeEmail (INTERNET_ADDR).  Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF DATE_GRANTED_PR StaffPRGrantedDate Date staff is granted PR status​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF STAFF_NAME StaffPrincipalName Name of a UIN or FIN holder​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(66) Nil Ad Hoc Staff The guideline in printing a person name (also used in NRIC) is: "Principal followed by Hanyu Pinyin, Alias and Hanyu Pinyin Alias and lastly, married".  They are separated by rows.  Each type starts in a new row.  ICA: SC/PR; MOM: foreigners. Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF PR_STATUS StaffPRStatusCode The residential status of a person in Singapore.
A tag to indicate whether staff is a PR:
'Y' - Yes;
'N' - No​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(1) Refer to PR/Residential Status Code in Annex C Ad Hoc Staff Nil Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF PTCS_STAFF_TYPE StaffPTCSType 'Staff Type' used in the Part-Time Claim System (PTCS):
a. "EXT": External Speaker;
b. "TEMP": Temporary Staff;
c. "STUD": NYP Student;
d. "OTH": Others Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(4) Ad Hoc Staff Check Constraint; Not Null Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF PT_STAFF StaffPTScheme Indicator to denote staff working as part-time scheme​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(1) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF RACE StaffRaceCode The Race of a person​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(2) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '004' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '004' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF RELIGION StaffReligionCode The religion of a person​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(1) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '005' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '005' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_APPT_HISTORY REPORTING_DEPT StaffReportingDept Reporting Department​. This is usually the same as StaffDeptEstab.
For staff who are on attachment to the 'Reporting Department', the 'StaffReportingDept' and 'StaffDeptEstab' would be different during the attachment period, Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(12) Ad Hoc Staff ​The list of 6 data elements below are considered "Official Open" when used in the context of providing NYP Contact Information:
1. StaffPreferredName (PREFERRED_NAME);
2. StaffSalutation (SALUTATION);
3. StaffDesignation (DESIGNATION);
4. StaffReportingDept (REPORTING_DEPT);
5. StaffOfficeNo (OFFICE_NO);
6. StaffOfficeEmail (INTERNET_ADDR).  Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF RS_RANK StaffReservistRank Rank in reservist​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal X(10) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '025' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '025' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF RS_SERVICE_TYPE StaffReservistServiceType Reservist service type; e.g. army, navy, air force, SCDF, police.​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(4) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '024' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '024' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF RS_STATUS StaffReservistStatus Reservist Status​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(2) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '026' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '026' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF RS_UNIT StaffReservistUnit Unit in reservist​ service Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(60) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF RS_VOCATION StaffReservistVocation Vocation in reservist service​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(60) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF SALUTATION StaffSalutation Salutation of Staff​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(4) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '006' Ad Hoc Staff ​The list of 6 data elements below are considered "Official Open" when used in the context of providing NYP Contact Information:
1. StaffPreferredName (PREFERRED_NAME);
2. StaffSalutation (SALUTATION);
3. StaffDesignation (DESIGNATION);
4. StaffReportingDept (REPORTING_DEPT);
5. StaffOfficeNo (OFFICE_NO);
6. StaffOfficeEmail (INTERNET_ADDR).  Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF SC_CATEGORY StaffSecurityClearanceCategory Category of Security Clearance​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(10) Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '059' Ad Hoc Staff Refer to HRIS_Codes: Code_Type = '059' Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF SC_DATE StaffSecurityClearanceDate Date of security clearance​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(8) YYYYMMDD Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_APPT_HISTORY SERVICE_GRADE StaffServiceGrade Service Grade of the Staff​, (IPS grades) Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(10) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_APPT_HISTORY STAFF_STATUS StaffStatus Staff Status​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal x(2) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF HOME_NO StaffTelephoneNo Last known telephone number.
(Home Telephone Number)​ Official Closed Sensitive Normal Refer to Telephone element type in Annex A Ad Hoc Staff Nil Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
HR HRIS_STAFF YRS_NOT_IN_SRV StaffYrsNotInSrv Total years staff is not working​. Official Closed Sensitive Normal n(4,2) Ad Hoc Staff Item data/Lists/Business Glossary 
S/N Code Owner Adopted Standards Dependent Data Elements Usage Guidelines Number of Rows Range Item Type Path 
1 CountryCode MHA MHA Internal PersonCountryBirthCode; StaffAddressCountryCode;  StaffOverseasCountryCode 332 AA to ZW Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
2 NationalityCode MHA MHA Internal PersonNationalityCode;  StaffFatherNationality;  StaffMotherNationality 221 AD to ZW Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
3 MaritalStatusCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 3  Description: Marital Status 6 D, M, O, Se, Si, W Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
4 RaceCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 4  Description: Race 5 CEIMO Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
5 ReligionCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 5  Description: Religion 8 BCFGMOST Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
6 SalutationCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 6  Description: Salutation 6 DrMdmMr MrsMsProf Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
7 QualificationCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 7  Description: Qualification 18 1 to 17, 99 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
8 HonoursCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 8  Description: Honours 9 1CH...  Honours Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
9 GeneralDegreeAwardCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 9  Description: General Degree 5 C, D, HD, HM, M Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
10 FieldOfStudyCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 10  Description: Field of Study 15 1 to 15 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
11 ScholarshipCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 11  Description: Scholarship 9 COL to PSC Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
12 GCEOSubjectCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 12  Description: GCE 'O' Subjects 111 G00 to G99  GA1 to H96 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
13 GCEASubjectCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 13  Description: GCE 'A' Subjects 94 A00 to A99  AA1 to UML Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
14 ReasonforLeavingCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 14  Description: Reason for Leaving 16 IndExp to Termination Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
15 RelationshipCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 15  Description: Relationship 22 Aunt to Uncle Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
16 LoanTypeCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 16  Description: Type of Loan 6 CL, HL, PL, RL, TS, VL Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
17 StaffCategoryCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 17  Description: Staff Category 7 Academic to TSO Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
18 ServiceGradeScaleOptionCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 18  Description: Service Grade Scale Option 4 L2A, MOD, L2A(CPW), CPW Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
19 EstabGroupingCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 19  Description: Estab Grouping 15 A to TSO Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
20 MovementTypeCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 20  Description: Movement Type 44 APP to TRFEXT Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
21 SpecialProjectGroupCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 21  Description: Special Project Group 9 BIG to SIT Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
22 StaffGroupingCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 22  Description: Staff Grouping 29 EXE1 to TEACH2 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
23 ProvisionClaimTypeCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 23  Description: Type of Provision Claim 2 Air Passage Shipment of Personal ... Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
24 ReservistServiceTypeCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 24  Description: Reservist Service Type 5 AIR, ARMY, NAVY, SCDF, SPF Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
25 ArmyRankCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 25  Description: Army Rank 42 1SG to WO Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
26 ReservistStatusCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 26  Description: Reservist Status 5 A, C, E, H, NA Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
27 NSStatusCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 27  Description: NS Status 5 EX, FT, NA, PT, RG Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
28 SalaryIncrementReasonCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 28  Description: Reason for Salary Increment 26 DI to SS2017 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
29 JobCategoryCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 29  Description: Job Category 73 AL01 to TSS8 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
30 PartTimeSchemeReasonCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 30  Description: Part Time Scheme Reason 9 1 to 9 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
31 SpecialisationCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 31  Description: Specialisation 545 Computer to  Server Mgmt Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
32 NYPISUploadControlParameterCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 32  Description: Control Parameter for NYPIS Upload 4 PRINTERID to UPLDPATH Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
33 OccupationCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 33  Description: Occupation Code 37 A01 (Lect) to  T03 - LabTech Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
34 StaffPhotoControlParameterCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 34  Description: Control Parameter for Staff Photo 2 PHOTODIR to  PHOTOEXT Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
35 NotifyEventsAdvancePeriodCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 35 Description: Advance Period for Notify Events 12 ACONTRACT  to TENANCY Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
36 NotifyEventsTypeCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 36  Description: Type of Notify Events 23 ACONTRACT   to VERIFYNAT Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
37 RetirementAgeControlParameterCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 37  Description: Control Parameter for Retirement Age 2 COMRETIRE  DUERETIRE Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
38 EligibilityCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 38  Description: Eligibility 36 E to NE-TR Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
39 NonEligibilityCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 39  Description: Non-Eligibility 13 BAR to TS-MAX-APP Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
40 BonusTypeCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 40  Description: Type of Bonus 2 B to SB Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
41 PerformanceRatingCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 41  Description: Performing Rating 6 1 to 6 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
42 ReportCategoryCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 42  Description: Report Category 6 CPTC, FN, S,T, FN, HR, SEC, Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
43 CurrencyCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 43  Description: CURRENCY 27 A$ to YEN Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
44 DivisionCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 44  Description: Division 5 Div I to Superscale Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
45 SchemeServiceCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 45  Description: Scheme of Service 21 DE to TSS Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
46 PerformanceBonusSubCategoryCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 46  Description: PB Sub-Category 9 1 to 5; 3a to 3d Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
47 DesignationCategoryCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 47  Description: Designation Category 251 Animator to Customer Relations Exe Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
48 WorkTypeCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 48  Description: Work Type 3 T, V, W Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
49 AppointmentTypeCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 49  Description: Appointment Type 133 1 to 133 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
50 MarritalStatusCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 50  Description: Marital Status 6 S, M, Se, D, W,O Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
51 PartTimeStaffDesignationCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 51  Description: Part-Time Staff Designation 14 231 (PT Lect) to 244 (Adj Cul Trainer) Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
52 ServiceAwardYearCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 52  Description: Years of Service Award 5 5Y to 25Y Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
53 AgeGroupCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 53  Description: Age Group 16 <25, >65,25-34<;21,>60,21-25 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
54 PerformanceBonusGradingCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 54  Description: PB Grading 9 A to E Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
55 MailMergeControlParameterCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 55  Description: Control Parameter for Mail Merge 3 LTR_CON, LTR_ESTAB, LTR_PT_CON Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
56 PublicOfficerGroupInsuranceCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 56  Description: Public Officer Group Insurance 6 B, BCI, BP, BPCI, CI, TL Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
57 AI2008PerfgradingCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 57  Description: Performance Grading for AI2008 6 A to E Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
58 CPLDCertTLCourseCtrlParamsCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 58  Description: Control Parameter fo CPLD CertTL course 3 1 to 3 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
59 SecurityClearanceCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 59  Description: Security Clearance 5 CAT1 to CAT3 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
60 NYPCommitteeCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 60  Description: Committee (NYP) 42 C&S  AC to WSH Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
61 ContractDeclineReasonCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 61  Description: Reason for Contract Decline 5 Family to Unable to Commit time Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
62 EpassTypeCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 62  Description: Epass Type 4 DP, EP, LOC, WP Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
63 CourseStructureCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 63  Description: Course Structure 2 1: On Campus 2: Off Campus Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
64 ALTPStatusCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 64  Description: ALTP Status 6 1 to 6 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
65 ODINSequenceRunningNumber DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 65  Description: ODIN Sequence ODIN Sequence no. Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
66 IRIEBandingCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 66  Description: IRIE Banding 4 A to D Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
67 ReimbursementPaybackExitModeReasonCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 67  Description: Reason for Exit Mode in Reimbursement/Payback 5 CL, REMCL, RES, RET, TERM Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
68 ParentCareLeaveReasonCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 68  Description: Parent Care Leave Reasons 3 1 to 3 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
69 DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 69 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
70 DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 70 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
71 MedicalClinicsExclusionCode DHR HRIS_Codes, Code_Type: 71  Description: Medical Clinics Exclusions 4 1, 2, 4, 5 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
72 ExitAreaCode DHR Effective 19Mar2013 8 1 to 8 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
73 ExitRatingCode DHR Effective 13Mar2013 4 1 to 4 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
74 ExitReasonCode DHR Effective 13Mar2013 6 1 to 6 Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 
75 PR/ResidentialStatusCode DHR MHA Internal Code PersonPRStatusCode 5 A, C, P, U, N Item data/Lists/NYP Code Tables 

